Parallel Life Theory according to Sprituality:-
    Parallel life theory in spiritual contexts posits that an individual’s soul or higher self exists simultaneously in 
    multiple bodies or dimensions, rather than experiencing lives sequentially through reincarnation.  
    This concept suggests that consciousness can branch into different timelines or realities to explore diverse experiences, cultures, and lessons all at once, as the soul is not bound by linear time or space. 

Key aspects of this belief include:
    Multidimensional Existence: 
        The soul may inhabit different physical forms—such as a person in one location and another in a different 
        country or dimension—concurrently. 
    Soul Evolution: 
        These parallel lives allow for accelerated spiritual growth by enabling the soul to gather a wider 
        range of experiences and perspectives simultaneously. 
    Non-Local Consciousness: 
        From the soul’s perspective, all lifetimes (past, present, and future) are coexisting manifestations 
        of the same higher energy source. 
    Distinction from Reincarnation: 
        Unlike traditional reincarnation where lives follow one another, parallel lives involve simultaneous 
        existence, often explained through concepts like quantum mechanics or the multiverse. 

    Beliefs in parallel lives are highly subjective and vary based on personal metaphysical or philosophical frameworks, often aligning with New Age ideologies that explore the nature of consciousness beyond the material realm


There is another theory which states that out higher-self or conciousness living multiple bodies in different universes to learn
more (as per the spiritual theory of parallel life). What happens if same person from two different universe meet ???

There is a story relating to a women accidently saw glimpse of another universe. Dr Rio Santenno was stunned when he heard 
a patients story. He was a doctor in Lima, peru. One day a woman walked into his hospital with hemoplegia(one half of her body
is paralyzed). He examined her couldn't find anything wrong with her brain scan looked normal. But the story she said thats when 
things went mysterious. When she and her frnd camping in Marcahuasi Stone Forest 60kms from Lima, at night after setlling the camp 
they decided to explore a bit at night. 
As they were experiencing a old music from a old cabin from a distance. As they got 
closure they saw people dressed like 17th century people and their music resembles that period too. The front door of the cabinet
was open and this woman couldn't help herself, wanted to know whats going on and she stuck her head in the door and immediately
collapsed on the floor. Her frnd helped her by pulling out thats when they both realized that she couldn't move half of her
body. Somehow they made back to camp stumbling, they saw a park ranger and said what happened to him. Park ranger confused as
there is no such cabinet in that area.....NOT ANYMORE !. 
Dr Santenno heard the story and eventually cured her. But later this story got viral.
This story passed around the internet which showed the proof of paraller universe or interdimensional travel. The idea is there
are multiple possible infinite universe and timelines outside our reality. But Sometimes, SOMETIMES those two universe connect 
with eachother. Meaning sometimes we can see into a paralle universe like in the above story or it can be person or people from
one parallel universe can just appear in ours. Like the STORY OF MAN FROM TARED(Tared is name of the coutry)!


Inspring from this story I have GOT AN IDEA !
Why identical people are not in the same world ??
There are some expections that in parallel universe we may not be a human, we can be a dog, ant, earthworm etc.......
But in the same way there could be a Doctor You, Scientist You, Different profession You. May be different gender too...

But what there is a two different person what same soul or higher dimension ???. 
According to my imagination their is one soul connected to everybody in the multiverse. Its like the soul is learning all 
the experiences faccing by all the You's in different universes.
Lets say there are two people with different mentalities, characters, etc in the same Planet but with same Soul/Higher Dimension.

From my creativity of imagination I thought the the universe doesn't keep two bodies of same soul in the same planet.
As the bodies are different but soul will slowly pull the bodies together. INCLUSION.
Human nayure is of inclusion. When the soul naturally pull the bodies together whatever action they do it leades them to 
converge at some point.
So because of this they will meet each other at some particular point of age. But as the soul wants inclusion, it uses 
human brain to do it. As our human mind has tremendous amount of possibilites, it can even connect us to higher 
dimensions.. Spontaneously our mind tries to include the other body mind in it as the process of inclusion.

BUT THIS IS DANGEROUS !. 
What happens if our mind suddenly and enormous amount of Memories, likes/dislikes, Beliefs, Habits, Theories, Knowledge
and Wisdom from another mind instantly....... IT FRIES YOUR BRAIN COMPLETELY, AND STARTS TO BLEED INTERNALLY.

Thats the reason Soul or nature keeps our body separately in another universe in order to reduce the force of attraction
and our physicality restricts us to go beyond our planet. In this way we cease to live in only our universe.

What IF two Persons with same soul meet.....!!
Initially when they are far apart like one in India other in US. Their would be a force of attraction exists but with less
strength. Eventually when they both meet, will meet the force of attraction pulls eachother brain to work as single soul.
So two brains starts to acquire all the impressions mae by other brain on it. 
This will be a deadly task for humans. As human body couldn't handle such an amount of load dumped on their brain so suddenly.

According to my story there are four stages:-
    Stage 1:- Their motor abilites will paralyze.
                Their limbs or spine will paralyze for a random amount of time. This is because intially when some Terabytes
                of data in injecting in our brain via telepathy, first symptom would motors functions of body get effected.
                It depends on the two individual bodies. First man can suffer some paralysis for few hours, other may 
                experience for days. Depends on the bidy type and the environment he grew up.
                
                When they are together thhey may feel a soul connection between them. They feel like his problems
                can be resolved by him and vice-versa. This is the reason when those two bodies are together, they
                feel to stay more close to eachother.

                When these two bodies are coutries apart they experience this paralysis of one of the limb very rarely.
                But when the distance between them decreases, they frequently experience limbs getting paralyzed.

    Stage 2:- Stage 2 happens when they are at close distance for a constant period of time. Like the two bodies in same
                City or locality. In this stage their brain starts to gets bleeding inside. Beocz of tons of data is being
                transferred to it. They feel to extreme stress, bleeding from nose, Extremely tired / exhausted, sleeping
                60% in day. They feel weak most often. This is the stage where most of the data from other mind is being
                transferred.     (25% of brain got damaged)

    Stage 3:- It happens after stage 2.
                In this stage all the data that being transferred to the brain is processed. Suddenly Body-A can feel the 
                memories of Body-B. Body-A can sense all the likes and dislikes, incidents that are not happened in his life
                are suddenly in his memory now. The same happens to Body-B. He can feel all the traumas of A, he can sense
                all the past events, likes and dislikes, etc. Its like memory of each other is being transferred to 
                each other minds.
                
                Suddenly all the enemies of B will be Enemies of A. All Frnds, Family of B will be A's frnds and family.
                Unknowingly A feels anger when he sees B's enemy. 
                Unknowingly B gets a flash of A's personal moments in his mind.
                Now A's brain overthinking which is equal to two persons overthinking i.e A,B. Vice-versa.
                
                They will share same dreams too.
                This is the stage which doesn't make any sense to each human being. Suddenly A feels B as him and B's feels
                him as A. Slowly the feel they both are identicals / Same people trapped in different bodies.
                                        (40% of brain got damaged)

    Stage 4:- Final Stage. Both Mind's Starts to Synchronize.
                Whatever thoughts they have or whatever words they speak slowly starts to coincide.
                Like A is talking to his Boss acting nice to get promotion.
                B is fighting with his frnd as he cheated.
                Now while A is having coversation with his boss, the words of B (scolding) will be included suddenly.
                While is arguing with his frnd suddenly words of B (requesting) will be slipped.

            Fourth stage is the stage where the minds act like one which intern links to single soul. As we have one soul
            for both the minds, if they need to connect with that soul both the minds should be one. They has to mold 
            themselves to single mind.
            Because of this both the minds have to pass the same commands or dialogues from mind to mouth in order to
            show that both the minds are same. As the bodies are in different situations and each body is trying to give
            its own instructions and the minds are fighting back to replicate as one, the dialogues and actions will
            synchronize.
            
            A's mind tries to take memories from his part of brain, B's mind takes memories of his. But both the 
            minds are trying to be one.
            Eventhough A and B minds are stuffed with both memories, A can only access his memories and couldn't handle
            B's memories completely. B's memories will flash in his mind as he doesn't have total control over it. Same
            goes for B too.
            Both minds are completely stuffed with each other memories but they dont have control over it. Their brains 
            trying to process those information and killing themselves eventually.

            Slowly their words will mix up, their actions will become clumsy and their will be a point where their brains
            cant handle the load of stress, they slips to coma and gradually to brain dead.
